doc(kuma-cp) Zone Ingress (#458)
kumahq/kuma-website: docs/docs/1.2.0/documentation/dps-and-data-model.md

For an in-depth example on deploying Kuma with [Kong for Kubernetes](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller), please follow this [demo application guide](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma-demo/tree/master/kubernetes).

## Zone Ingress

To implement cross-zone communication when Kuma is deployed in a [multi-zone](/docs/1.1.6/documentation/deployments/#multi-zone-mode) mode, there is a new proxy type `Zone Ingress`. These proxies are not attached to any particular workload. Instead, they are bound to that particular zone.
All requests that are sent from one zone to another will be directed to the proper instance by the `Zone Ingress`.

The `Zone Ingress` entity includes a few sections:

* `type`: must be `ZoneIngress`.

> * `name`: this is the name of the zone-ingress instance, and it must be **unique** for any given `Zone`.

Reviewer: is the `zone` object lower-case ("z") or upper-case ("Z"). Not completely consistent here.

* `networking`: contains networking parameters of the `ZoneIngress`
  * `address`: is an address which is routable withing the local `Zone Ingress` zone, zone-ingress instance is listening on that address
  * `port`: is a port that `Zone Ingress` is listening on
  * `advertisedAddress`: an IP address or hostname which will be used by data plane proxies from other zones
  * `advertisedPort`: a port which will be used by data plane proxies from other zones
* `availableServices` **[auto-generated on Kuma CP]** : the list of services that could be consumed through the `Zone Ingress`

> * `zone` **[auto-generated on Kuma CP]** : zone where `Zone Ingress` belongs to

Reviewer: If I'm understanding correctly, should be `ZoneIngress` throughout (no space)

> `Zone Ingress` that don't have `advertisedAddress` and `advertisedPort` is not taken into account when generating Envoy configuration, because they cannot be accessed by data plane proxies from other zones.

Reviewer: s/that don't have/without

:::: tabs :options="{ useUrlFragment: false }"
::: tab "Kubernetes"

> The recommended way to deploy an `Zone Ingress` dataplane in Kubernetes is to use `kumactl`, or the Helm charts as specified in [multi-zone](/docs/1.1.6/documentation/deployments/#remote-control-plane). It works as a separate deployment of a single-container pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way to deploy a `ZoneIngress` proxy in Kubernetes is to use `kumactl`, or the Helm charts as specified in [multi-zone](/docs/1.1.6/documentation/deployments/#remote-control-plane). It works as a separate deployment of a single-container pod.
```

> Kuma will try to resolve `advertisedAddress` and `advertisedPort` automatically by checking the Service associated with this `Zone Ingress`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kuma will try to resolve `advertisedAddress` and `advertisedPort` automatically by checking the Service associated with this `ZoneIngress`.
```

In Universal mode the dataplane resource should be deployed as follows:

```yaml
type: ZoneIngress
name: dp-ingress
networking:
  address: 192.168.0.1
  port: 10001
  advertisedAddress: 10.0.0.1
  advertisedPort: 10000
```
::::

> `Zone Ingress` deployment can be scaled horizontally. Many instances can have the same advertised address and advertised port because they can be put behind one load balancer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `ZoneIngress` deployment can be scaled horizontally. Many instances can have the same advertised address and advertised port because they can be put behind one load balancer.
```
